you yes I am forced to attend to this
matter myself
Athena refused to undo her mistake
imagine caring for a creature such as
yourself why why would you betray me
it is you who would betray me am I to
stand idly by while Olympus is
threatened to answer already stained by
the blood of a star
will not let erase fate from my own the
guards are Petty and pathetic and you're
displeased I grow tired of this
insolence I am the king of Olympus
you must vow to forever serve me I know
what then you leave me no choice
submit I would rather die
it did not have to be this way my son
this path is of your choosing a choice
from the gods is as useless as the
these are now or - Troy or rust I need
everything you have ever known Kratos
will now suffer because of your
sacrilege
never be the rule of olympus the cycle
ends here
you will pay for this Zeus be certain of
that
as the life drained out of Kratos the
arms of Hades reached out to claim their
prize but there was more resting the
practice of shoulders than who could
know
Kratos was destined to bring about
change so severe but would shape the
very pillars of Mount Olympus his death
to something and I could not allow
Ares destroy my enemies and my life is
yours
fight smart
you wanna mental dies
this is not a
who are you
I am the Titan Gaia ever-present mother
of Earth I have watched you become a
powerful warrior and I have been with
you through all the events of your life
but I can no longer simply watch we will
help you to beatriz's death is an escape
Kratos you are a warrior of Sparta what
a coward only a coward except Stefan I
am no coward then you must fight I will
show you the way to the sisters of fate
only with their power to defeat Zeus